Speaker 1 (00:00:30):
Ma, I am fine. Thank you Ma how is your family? Fine. Thank you Ma. How are you doing today? I'm excellent. I'm alright ma. Okay. Thank you. Good morning. Morning. How are you? Fine, thank you. It's good. Morning. Morning. Good morning, sister to Good morning. Hey Dr. Morning Ma. Good morning. How are you? Good morning. I'm doing well. And what about you? I'm, I'm good, I'm good. I'm good. Okay, good. I'm good, Jo. I'm good. Oh, I'm sorry. I was on mute. Good morning, Sibe. Good morning. Good morning. Good, good morning. Yes ma'am, our sister. You know what I'm looking at. Good morning. Good morning Ma. What looking at there is different, is this a one <laugh>? Same one. Ab it's one. How, how the, am I having an echo now? 
Speaker 2 (00:02:37):
I want to go and set up in a different room, so I'll be, oh, I, I won't get, I won't get off. I'm just transferring I think. Okay. My usual piece is better than here. 
Speaker 1 (00:02:46):
No, 
Speaker 2 (00:02:49):
This one won't work. So let me go to the study. 
Speaker 1 (00:02:54):
Good morning ma. Good morning. Good morning sister. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everyone. Good morning. Who is M this morning? Who be m? It's me, Clara. Okay. I'm, I changed my phone so phone I'm still to fine. So, so many things. Okay, let's wait for everybody else to, lemme mute everybody. Lemme mute one by one and do elimination series. So how is the learning process going? <inaudible>? Good morning. You good? 
Speaker 3 (00:05:15):
Present Ma? Good morning, 
Speaker 1 (00:05:17):
Present Ma <laugh>. How are you? 
Speaker 3 (00:05:21):
Very well, thank you. 
Speaker 1 (00:05:23):
Is it warm where you are at 
Speaker 3 (00:05:26):
And the weather is playing tricks or also good warm minutes. Warm the that day. Slightly cold. 
Speaker 1 (00:05:33):
Sorry, warm. You're you're warm-blooded. Human being like me. Are we cold-blooded de Which one are you? 
Speaker 3 (00:05:42):
Anyone that doesn't like cold? 
Speaker 1 (00:05:45):
Me, you. We no good school. Anyone that doesn not like code is who we're yes. Who question. No, I can't like how are you? Good morning, 
Speaker 4 (00:05:57):
Sister B. Good morning everyone. Good morning. 
Speaker 1 (00:06:00):
Good morning. How's your week been? 
Speaker 4 (00:06:02):
Very well, thank you. 
Speaker 1 (00:06:04):
Was the weather like in your neck of the woods? 
Speaker 4 (00:06:08):
Hot and cold. <laugh> 
Speaker 5 (00:06:10):
Hot and 
Speaker 1 (00:06:11):
So the weather is erratic. 
Speaker 4 (00:06:12):
It's very <laugh>. 
Speaker 1 (00:06:14):
Yeah, it's cold this morning. How the family at work? 
Speaker 4 (00:06:17):
Everybody's fine. We are fine. Thank you man. How are you two as well, ma? 
Speaker 1 (00:06:20):
I'm good. I'm good. Thank Toia. Are you good? Good morning. Good, good morning, it's Naomi. Good morning. How you doing? I'm excellent. I is not here yet. Why is everybody, who would that be? Mrs. Goodie. Good morning ma'am. Good morning Ma. Hello 
Speaker 6 (00:08:40):
<laugh>. Welcome back from 
Speaker 1 (00:08:44):
Now. Ah, this one is the 
Speaker 6 (00:08:49):
Formal welcome back from the mentoring on behalf of Oliver 
Speaker 1 (00:08:53):
Us. Oh, the mentoring people. Yes, yes, I'm here. I'm back. 
Speaker 6 (00:09:02):
<laugh>. Anthony, I need to welcome back <laugh>. Thank you Ma. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Good morning. Morning. Good morning Ma. 
Speaker 1 (00:09:17):
Good morning. 
Speaker 6 (00:09:19):
Good 
Speaker 1 (00:09:19):
Morning. Good morning. 
Speaker 6 (00:09:21):
Good morning ma. 
Speaker 1 (00:09:23):
Good morning. Who's okay? Yeah, well you always using your children's device eventually. Somebody's device. 
Speaker 6 (00:09:40):
Viol. 
Speaker 1 (00:09:41):
Good morning. I know it Viola. I figured it out. All right, now welcome. So, um, can where is, where is it? Jamma will be where I'm, okay. Good morning, you're the last to join. Prophet Greg Ro, how you doing Prophet? 
Speaker 6 (00:10:19):
Good morning ma. 
Speaker 1 (00:10:23):
That I just called her prophet, she answered. Oh, not complain after. What is it? 
Speaker 6 (00:10:35):
Not too much. 
Speaker 1 (00:10:37):
You don't wanna answer your name 
Speaker 6 (00:10:39):
<laugh> 
Speaker 1 (00:10:43):
Be very careful. Okay, so I'm going to begin by attack is the first best form of defense. How are they? What's that thing called? How the, what's that thing now? Somebody help me. The book. How they, how do group clubs doing? I think our group is 
Speaker 6 (00:11:15):
Doing well. They're doing well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Doing well. Doing well. 
Speaker 1 (00:11:23):
Everybody doing Wells in the same group? Am I correct? 
Speaker 6 (00:11:29):
Yes. Yes. There's word doing <laugh>. 
Speaker 1 (00:11:39):
Naomi, everybody must answer their father's name to the is not here. Has your group doing Good Morning is in your group? Yes, the same group. <laugh>, well done. How's your group doing? And everybody must answer today. Shala. What? How has your group doing? Does Shala Marabi 
Speaker 7 (00:12:16):
Ma 
Speaker 1 (00:12:18):
How is your group doing it? 
Speaker 7 (00:12:20):
She's reading alone. Ma, 
Speaker 1 (00:12:23):
Since when you were the one that suggested uh, reading together, how did you now get into reading Alone? 
Speaker 7 (00:12:28):
Yes, someone join me, but she didn't get a book. Um, so she didn't get a time and after that she joined another group. 
Speaker 1 (00:12:43):
Okay, so you're reading a lower book. Are you reading? Which means you don't even know the book you're supposed to be reading. Which book are you reading? 
Speaker 7 (00:12:51):
<laugh>. I've read DNA and I'm really relentless currently. 
Speaker 1 (00:12:56):
Is that the, is that the other, what is the other big one? Tell them. D-N-A-D-N-A. Bankable Articulate the Work. 
Speaker 8 (00:13:09):
Work. 
Speaker 7 (00:13:10):
Thank you <crosstalk>. 
Speaker 1 (00:13:11):
Your Mets are reading book number four. You are still trying to find the book where I find the book Go 
Speaker 7 (00:13:20):
<laugh>. 
Speaker 1 (00:13:21):
Dr. Ade, I have um, I have a solution for you. Yes ma'am. We don't have DNA audio, we have um, I think we have articulate audio as well. 
Speaker 2 (00:13:31):
Praise the Lord. So let me just announce myself 'cause I hear book number four. I used to be the one that was on book number four 
Speaker 1 (00:13:42):
<laugh>. But anyway, so we now have the books in. Um, some of them actually we're working on getting before the end of the year, all of them will be audio books, but right now we have bank cable. No, I think articulate Sister Power and DNA and I I think even move forward the book Move Forward is not part of your list, is it? I think we have more forward on in audio as well. So if you need all audio books at <inaudible>. 
Speaker 2 (00:14:13):
Okay, thank you. Thank you. 
Speaker 1 (00:14:15):
Alright, so who else is not in a, a group and is not ready? Why? 
Speaker 8 (00:14:27):
I I I asked to be, I asked to join a group, but every group because this group is filled, join the next one. This group is filled. Join the next one. And um, it just so happened that 
Speaker 1 (00:14:38):
So how come shall I alone and you don't have it? I'm, 
Speaker 8 (00:14:41):
I'm chatting her up now that I should just join her. Let's be living together. 
Speaker 1 (00:14:47):
What group are you in? I can't remember the name of the group. I don't have the group. Mark. 
Speaker 9 (00:14:56):
Um, 
Speaker 1 (00:14:58):
I mean 
Speaker 9 (00:14:58):
Inspire, I mean Inspire 
Speaker 1 (00:15:02):
Who Inspire Go School. 
Speaker 9 (00:15:05):
Inspire has um, 
Speaker 1 (00:15:09):
G Naomi Clara. Okay, that that is not written. Who's the head of that group? Who? Mrs. Park. Something like that. But it is not for one of trying notes because she has tried. Yeah, they has tried. So the people that they're tried for, why are they not? I not allow somebody to try for them. Does not have a group. Shala. She doesn't have a group please. I'm not in a group too much. Does not have a group. So I don't iola does not have a group. I don't have a group. You can form a group enough to form a group now and you do a list of all these people have mentioning not in a group. Is not in a group. Can you see all of them? Now? They'll say to me that mentored them. I did not mentor you. My spirit <laugh>. I'm reading. Yeah, that I still reading. DE the 50 50 time. How many times have you read DNA Done yet? 
Speaker 10 (00:16:33):
20 ma 
Speaker 1 (00:16:35):
Good morning. You belong in a group. 
Speaker 10 (00:16:39):
No, I don't. 
Speaker 1 (00:16:41):
Why are you guys, you ladies trying to do solo runs? Why? 
Speaker 10 (00:16:46):
Well, the last time I checked on the group they said that there was a particular group that they had uh, was uh, complete. Full. 
Speaker 1 (00:16:54):
Yes, 
Speaker 10 (00:16:55):
Was full. So, um, I didn't know that any other groups had been formed. 
Speaker 1 (00:17:03):
Ah, well assignment, I want to see the list of the groups today vets, but I need to see the list of the groups and who belongs in a group in each list. Just go to the chart on WhatsApp, same group. This person, these are the members. I want to see everyone who belongs in the group and please whoever is supposed to lead that group. Tell me what book you have read, what book you're trying to read. Tell me the book you're attempting to try to read. I want to know. Everybody must read their books. 
Speaker 10 (00:17:39):
Who is going to collect me I 
Speaker 1 (00:17:49):
Group? 
Speaker 11 (00:17:50):
Yes. Yes I do. 
Speaker 1 (00:17:53):
Is your group there? Yeah. Oh, you're in that group. Wow. Okay, let's, we should do clap for that group. 
Speaker 11 (00:18:08):
Yes. 
Speaker 12 (00:18:12):
Who she knows 
Speaker 1 (00:18:14):
<laugh> Good. Very good. Please, let's get into our groups and when we get into to this topic, you'll understand why you must join a group and you must be active in the group when we begin to this topic. Um, the way, the way I knew that some people were reading the book and some people were not reading the book is because additional is in your group. Sister Tony Abbi. Yes. Ahuh. Because addition now started to post about the book all over again. That was when I knew that she was reading somewhere. So I asked her, where are you reading the book again? And that's when I found out that some people are reading, some people are not reading. What group are you in? 
Speaker 12 (00:19:02):
No. 
Speaker 1 (00:19:04):
You imagine the person that's supposed to be coordinated is the one that is breaking the law. AKA policeman that is driving one way. Can you see them? That needs to stop getting a group and get active. Everybody needs to be in a group. Are you Jamma? Report to me when you get the into the group. Let me know how many books you've read as we're going now that is important. Praise God. Today we're looking at rooms. It I enjoy a few, if people have tried to google rooms or see topics on rooms, the only thing you'll find will be on electrical um com. Um, what are the constitutions of rooms, electrical rooms thing, things like that. I know you haven't found one thing on rooms. Aha. What did you find? 
Speaker 12 (00:20:04):
May I didn't look for me. I was waiting for the class today. I did not look for 
Speaker 1 (00:20:08):
So who, who tried to look? Who tried to look Nobody. Who tried to look? I did not try to look, but I know that song. Um, song grooms. Uh, what's it, what is it about 
Speaker 12 (00:20:28):
By Jonathan McReynolds? 
Speaker 1 (00:20:30):
McReynolds. He has his song called Rooms. 
Speaker 12 (00:20:32):
Yes. Yes, it does. 
Speaker 1 (00:20:34):
What Abu Lemme go and Bite because I don't even know what something people are telling me about. Now. I'm of his, 
Speaker 12 (00:20:41):
When he's saying that, I'll make room for you. Jesus. That's that's good. 
Speaker 1 (00:20:44):
Okay. No, that's, it's not as, not genital. 
Speaker 13 (00:20:50):
Jonathan, I'll for you. 
Speaker 1 (00:20:56):
Okay? I know the song. I do not know the song. I'm going to go and look for it today because Jonathan macro notes. Okay, I didn't know, I didn't know. I really don't know. I room for what I Treasure. Yes, I find, oh, okay, okay. No, I don't know it, but I'm going to go and check it out today. I'll buy it. Okay. So the reason why I was asking was midway into preparing for this class, I tried to look for help and I couldn't find help. So I sat down and asked myself, what did you smoke the day you told them you do something about rooms? 
Speaker 1 (00:21:40):
But I'm grateful that Holy Spirit is Holy Spirit. It's going to be maybe interesting, maybe not for some people, maybe something you always knew, but even if you always knew it, and I think most of us will know bits and pieces of this, what would be different is you've never consciously thought about it. So today is a journey on intentionality. What we're supposed to do is learn how to be intentional about the rooms that God will bring us to, but so that we're not just talking and nobody's guiding us. Move or pray so that Holy Spirit will come and help us this morning. 
Speaker 14 (00:22:29):
Morning 
Speaker 13 (00:22:30):
Everybody. Um, in Jesus' name. 
Speaker 1 (00:22:33):
Amen. 
Speaker 13 (00:22:37):
Father Lord, we thank you Lord for today. We thank you King glory for everything you're doing for us. We thank you Lord for this class. We thank you king of glory for all the things you've been doing for us, all the knowledge that you have been giving out to us concerning this class for the Lord. We thank you Lord. We thank you king of love for where you are taking us to and thank you king of love for where we are now. But as we start this class, we ask, Lord that you start with us in the name of Jesus, but our Lord give us wisdom, knowledge, and understanding in the name of Jesus. In Jesus' precious name of pray. Amen. 
Speaker 1 (00:23:10):
Amen. Okay. Amen. All right, thank you. Uh, so rooms, let's open to the Bible. First, let's go to Proverbs. Proverbs 25. That's what we're starting from. When you are in over your head, you run to the Bible. So in over my head, so let's go to the Bible. But I know that when we were putting this mentoring stream together, God spoke clearly that you, we should talk about wound. Then I now started to try to remember why. Told me to talk about rooms. Nobody answered me. So, but Proverbs 25, verse six to seven 
Speaker 1 (00:23:56):
Proves 25, 6 to seven. It says, do not, I'm reading the amplified. Do not be boastfully ambitious and claim honor in the presence of the king and do not stand in the place of great men for it is better that it beset to you come up here than for you to be placed lower in the presence of the king whom your eyes have never seen. Proverb chapter 25, 6 and seven speak to the protocol of rules. So I want you to hold that first because I have to show it to you that this is from the Bible. Then please go with me to Isaiah chapter, sorry, mark chapter eight. Mark chapter eight will come to Isaiah later, mark chapter eight from verse number one. This is a long read but we're going to read, read it. Verse one to 14, verse one to 14. That's Mark chapter eight. It says, in those days when there was again a large crowd gathered before him and they had nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples and said to them, I feel compassion for the crowd. They have been with me now for three days and and have nothing left to eat. If I send them away to their homes hungry, they will faint from exhaustion on the road. Could you please give me spotlight? 
Speaker 1 (00:25:50):
There's three. If I send them away to their homes hungry, they will faint from exhaustion on the road because some of them have come a long way. His disciples replied to him, where will anyone be able to find enough bread here in this isolated place to feed these people? He asked them, how many loaves of bread do you have? They said, seven. He directed them the people to sit down on the ground and taking the seven loaves. He gave thanks 
Speaker 1 (00:26:27):
And gave them to his disciples to set before them and to serve the crowd. They also had a few fish, a few small fish when and when Jesus had blessed them. They gave thanks. He ordered, he ordered this fish to be set before them as well and people ate and they were satisfied and they picked up seven large baskets full of the broken pieces that were left over. Then this same account is repeated in the, when it talked about the young boy with his loads of fish and bread and how again they were somewhere they were hungry and Jesus said they should feed the people. And one of them went to the young young boy, which is actually the one that I was looking for. 
Speaker 14 (00:27:20):
Matthew, 
Speaker 1 (00:27:22):
Sorry, just gimme a moment. Okay, so let's go to John chapter six. John chapter six, John. 
Speaker 1 (00:28:11):
After this, Jesus went to the other side of the Sea of Galilee. I'm reading from verse one. All sea of TIUs e Lara was following him because they have seen the signs attesting miracles, which he continually performed on those who were sick. And Jesus went up on the mountainside and sat there with his disciples. Now the Passover, the feast of the Jews was approaching. Jesus looked up and saw that a large crowd was coming toward him and he said to Philip, where will we vibrate for these people to eat? But he said, he said this to Tess Philipp because he knew that what he was about to do, Philip answered 200 dinner days, wages worth of bread is not enough for each one to receive. Even a little. Verse eight, one of his disciples, Andrew Simon Peter's brother, said to him, there is a little boy here who has five belly lobes and two fish, but what are these for so many people, Jesus said, have the people sit down to eat now, now the ground there now to eat. Now the ground there was covered, there was covered with an abundance of grass. So the men sat down with about 5,000 in number. Then Jesus took the loaves and when he had given things, he distributed them to those who were seated the same also with the fish as much as they wanted. 
Speaker 1 (00:29:39):
And when they had eaten, enough said to his disciples, gather up the left to half pieces so that nothing will be lost. They gathered them up and they filled 12 large baskets with pieces from the five B books, which were left over by those who had eaten. When the people saw the sign a testing miracle that he had done, they began saying, this is without doubt it the promised prophets, who is to come into the world hallelujah, while looking at rooms. The power of rooms. What does it mean? What does it mean? What are rooms and what do they symbolize? Rooms are learning environments, hubs, relationships, networks and associations. I'll take that again. Rooms are learning environments, hubs, relationships, networks and environments. Rooms are usually God's design executed through man all men. To bring us to a number of things. Rooms are usually god's designed, executed through men or men to bring us to a number of things. 
Speaker 1 (00:30:47):
Number one, rooms are designed to bring us access. Number two, rooms are designed to bring us proximity. Number three, rooms are designed to bring us instructions. Number four, rooms are designed to bring us refining. Number five, rooms are designed to bring us discipline. Number six, rooms are designed to bring us preparation or take us through preparation or prepare us. Number seven, rooms are designed to bring us to announcements. I'll go through that again so that you can hear them. Number one, rooms bring you to access. Rooms bring you to proximity, that is closeness to something. Rooms bring you instructions about your nest rooms, bring you refining iron, sharpening iron rooms, bring you discipline rooms, bring you preparation rooms, bring you announcement just sitting here. Mary had to be in a room with the angel for it to be announced for to her that she was about to give birth to, you know, be pregnant and give birth to the savior of the word. 
Speaker 1 (00:31:57):
After Mary heard that announcement, she was also told in that same conversations, in that same conversation that her cousin, her older cousin, Elizabeth, who he had to couldn't have children, was not pregnant and was um, going to have a son as well. Mary removed herself from where she was and she went on, traveled on to where Mary was. So Mary intentionally moved herself into a room so that what she was carrying, carrying in the pregnancy of Jesus Christ would find a, an enabling environment to be able to thrive and ultimately bring forth what he was supposed to bring. The thing about rooms is that rooms are, even the seven things that I listed are not, um, exhausted, exhaustive of the things that rooms can bring to us or bring us to, but for me these are important and this is this. These seven things will be my focus as I'm talking to you about rooms today. 
Speaker 1 (00:33:08):
If I had a simple way to describe what rooms are, I will say to you that they are the manufacturing plants in which men and women are raised into sonship and manifestation. Lemme say that one more time. Um, rooms are manufacturing plants, processing plants where sons, men and women are raised into sun ship and manifestation. So when a man or a woman makes it into a room, or when a man or a woman is invited into a room directly orchestrated by God, he is being asked into a manufacturing plant so that he can be raised into sonship and manifestation. That's something I say, I say it's better to be raised than to just grow up. You must have heard me say it. If you've been on the CYM platform long enough or you've been around me long enough, it's better to be raised than to just grow up. 
Speaker 1 (00:34:12):
I'll say that one more time. It is better to be raised than to just grow up. It is better to be raised than to just grow up. Rooms are the things that are the, are the hubs, the networks, the associations, the relationships, the environments that God leads us to so that we can be raised into sonship. If you've read with me before Galatians chapter four, verse one to above three or four, it talks about the son who is the head who cannot get get into his inheritance unless he is being tutor, taught and governed by designated 2000 governors. 
Speaker 1 (00:34:57):
Sonship is such a critical part of our journey that we cannot afford to show up unprepared. We cannot afford to show up without the right instructions. We cannot afford to show up without going through the press of discipline. And the Lord orchestrates rooms to make sure that in rooms people are, are raised men or sons are raised. Just sitting here thinking about another example, I'll take you to David and his 500 men in the cave. The Bible says that David, when he was running away from all he was fleeing from Saul, fled and went into the cave. Aah. And that the Bible now says that men, you know, rejects what today we'll call men who were known as never Dowells gathered themselves and went to meet, um, um, um, David at Cave Alan. So cave Alan became their manufacturing plant. The next time we heard about just, uh, David and his men. 
Speaker 1 (00:36:05):
David was thirsty for water and he just said, I wish I could have a drink of that stream. This stream was in enemy territory, enemy outta his men. The Bible counted three men. He called them the, uh, the mighty men of David who went into enemy territory to bring David a jog of water simply because j said that he wanted to drink water from that fountain. They broke the water and David said that that water could have caused the, uh, the lives of this man. So rather than drink it, he poured it out and sacrifice before God. Rooms process. Remember that the Bible described this men when they were going into the, the cave adula as never do well as regions, and yet they became the same. Bible described them after processing in cave aula as the mighty men of David. This group of men became the machineries by with which, um, with whom, um, David would be called to by nations. David started to get, um, excuse me, um, started to get um, um, um, what's that called, thing called now, started to be hired as special forces him and his men to go and fight on behind on behalf of nations. This same man that the Bible had called rejects initially. 
Speaker 1 (00:37:39):
I'm trying to quickly help you see the power of rooms. So if a room is a manufacturing plant or rooms are manufacturing plant, where we are raised into sonship and manifestation, the tendency is for you to wonder. So what's the big deal about teaching about rooms today? Because all of us have been processed one way or the other. We're being processed in our churches, we're being processed in the relationships that we're in. So maybe I'm not here to tell you anything new other than to ask you to please pay attention to the rooms that God leads you to so that you can, um, take advantage of the room. That's why I said that this is a journey of intentionality. So teaching is, are you paying attention to the rooms you've been invited into? My take is why room seems to be commonplace and, and all that. 
Speaker 1 (00:38:45):
Most people do not recognize how important a room can be in their development and manifestation. Our songs, most of us do not understand how much a room can affect our journey. Remember, a room again, is not four walls with windows and a door. A room can be a relationship, a room can be a network, which was why I kept asking us this morning, why are you not in the study in a bible, in a reading group? 'cause that read those reading groups. Remember that we didn't set out in the constitution of this thing. We didn't set out to start reading rooms. 
Speaker 1 (00:39:29):
The idea was you would read your books. We were not, we we, the idea didn't come from me or from, yes from my admin, administrative, um, whatever to say to the new people. Um, get yourself in groups and, and, and constitute reading groups together. That was an idea from God, whether you know it or not. Now, some of us will think we're in reading rooms because we want to read rooms, but if you do those room rooms right, they can become a hub that you can come back to again and, and again and again because you forge relationships that can help you grow from someone who doesn't like rooms much. I promise you. Rooms are powerful when we don't understand what a room looks like, when we don't understand the need for rooms, when we don't understand why God will bring us to a room, we'll unconsciously mishandle the room and sometimes even totally ignore the potential power that a room holds. I've seen people mess up potentially powerful room moments because they were unconscious. They just walked through the door, it was open or they were walking behind someone and the person kept saying to them, come, come, come, come with me. And they walk through doors, they walk into a room. Have you ever been in a room? And someone will walk into that room and meet you in the room with other people and not say hello? That's someone who is unconscious. They enter the room and they're unconscious. 
Speaker 1 (00:41:19):
Kindergarten, uh, room, room, room 1 0 1, never a entire room and not acknowledge the people you met in the room. But we see it every day. People will walk into a waiting room and just walk and go and sit down. You walk your stand and you say, please, could you move? So I could sit down, not hello, not good morning, not good afternoon, because we're really cosmopolitan and we're very civilized and civilization says we don't need to acknowledge all the people we meet in the room. Now that is not a really great analogy. I know because I mean, how many people will you greet in a banking hall or a hospital working room? You ask me, maybe not everybody, but how about the people seated on their stretch? 
Speaker 1 (00:42:09):
The problem is the way we treat waiting rooms and we treat the way we treat hospital rooms and all of those rooms where we just meet strangers is the same exact way we treat some of the rooms that God moves us into. Lemme give you another example. In church, if you've been paying attention, you will notice that you sit beside the same group of people. If you've been in that church for 10 years, you've been sitting beside the same group of people. Somehow that's how churches are configured. People come and write their name on the chair and they never move their board from that chair anymore. But if your pastor called you tomorrow, out tomorrow and said to you, name, what are the names of the seven people that are sitting around you? I promise you, if you are lucky, if you have tried, you will know the names of just two of them. 
Speaker 1 (00:43:07):
And that's because we are mostly unconscious when we want walk into roots. But everything that God we do with us, or lemme say 80% of what God would do with us, he would do with us by virtue of relational currency, putting us in rooms. The key therefore, is to be aware that very few rooms with this capacity are announced or even formally convinced rooms that God is bringing you to so that you can be processed and you can manifest as a son, are not usually rooms that they announced with a megaphone. They are used before you walk into them. 
Speaker 1 (00:43:52):
If you are truthful, there have been people that you met for the first time and because of their attitude, no matter what is happening going forward, you will never deal with them. You would rather, in fact, you, you swore as you left that rather than deal with this person, I would rather die than deal with them. Now that person may be brilliant, but their attitude, the first time you met them, it's the reason why you would never have anything to do with them. With the speed and rate at which communication. They call it communication, but noise is what I call it, is being released today. Believers or sons needs to be awake and alive. So the reality that life is being decided, <laugh>, pay attention to what I'm saying. Your life being decided by tweet this very moment, your life being decided by message, email, a telephone conversation this very moment. Now this email, this telephone conversation, this um, tweets, this Instagram posts that are deciding your lives don't have your name mentioned on any of them, but they're deciding your life by those things right now. 
Speaker 1 (00:45:14):
When we went to Lancaster, one of my, um, cousins was having a conversation with me about, you know, something that has become the norm in our village. And he told me, he says something, he said, it is amazing what happens. He said, some men will just sit around a keg of palm wine in the village and just make one of them in his drunken state. We make a pronouncement. And depending on who he made the pronouncement to, that pronouncement that was made in the drunking states can find its way to the ob for to the king's palace, and that pronouncement can become a law in the village. It's the same thing some of us our lives have. Were decided there are major things that were decided about us by someone's careless test message. 
Speaker 1 (00:46:18):
And rooms are the places where you find yourself safeguarded from these things. Depending on how you do in the rooms that you have entered into or God has led you into, there may be someone in that room who will see the tweets and because that thing will decide your life forever will take you out of it and say, oh no, we can't do that. We can't do that. Recently, I think in a couple of weeks or so, the inde independent, um, investigators told the, um, lucky target incident have not come back to say there was no massacre, but the first person who tweeted that thing probably cost another person their life cost people their jobs. Did you see when they did that thing, um, that um, at the tail end of President Trump's um, um, administration where those rioters went, um, to Washington and they made their way into the, the the the office. Did you see the, the, that what happened later was someone took a picture of people who were misbehaving and posted it on social media. There was a guy who was, who had his work ID on and he was part of that riot and all that happened was someone took that picture and put it on Twitter and they kept tweeting it and they kept tweeting it and the guy lost his job. There are rooms where your life is being decided today that you know nothing about. 
Speaker 1 (00:48:20):
So you say, but stabby, since I don't know nothing about the rooms, I have nothing to say about those rooms. Yes, but that's why when you find yourself in any room, you ought to do well in that room because the gate man, have you not been in a room with a gate man? You say, I've never been in a room with a gate man. When you park in front of the gates or he opens the gate for you to drive in and you come out of the car and you walk past him and you go right into the building and you don't say anything to him, you were in a room with him and you didn't treat him well, if he's mean, and the thing is you packed your car outside and he sees someone pulling off your side mirror, he would look the other way. That room has decided your life simply because of how you acted. 
Speaker 1 (00:49:17):
So the key, like I said, is to be aware of that. Very few rooms have this cap. Very few rooms with this capacity are announced. If I would be told today what the room would be like that will decide my life and my faith today, guess what I'm going to do? I'm going to be on my best behavior, but that's not what happens. Nobody announces these roots rooms are therefore not only so that we can grow, they are also hubs where we are tutored and governed to steward what our call and gifting an assignment properly. I'll take that again. You don't only go into rooms to grow because I had used the expression letting hubs as well. You don't only go into rooms to grow, to grow rooms are hubs where God will bring us into to tutor us, to govern us so that we can in turn steward what our gifts and our assignments, right? 
Speaker 1 (00:50:20):
So tap into the power of the room. There are three dimensions that I want to highlight. Three dimensions tapping into the power of a room dimension. Number one is your mental capacity. How you think and how you think about how others think and the rooms that you have access to is critical. How are you thinking? How do you think some of us is our thought process that we're the most, we're the best thing that happened since sliced bread? And that particular mindset or mental capacity permeates everything that we do. And because of that, we've never treated any room with the regard that it it deserves. So in the end, the rooms turn around and they bite us. Those sons who recognize the capacity of the mind and how it affects a great percentage of their journey, make their make mental space an investment in something I call their scholarship within rooms. 
Speaker 1 (00:51:26):
When you get into a room, do not just think that you made it into a relationship, you made it into a network and such, like every time you get into a room, remember, if this is the only way you thing you take away from to this session, it will be fine. Every time you walk into a room, remember that you just stepped into a scholarly environment. Take your scholarship seriously. Open your eyes, your ears learn. Listen, discern. When you take your scholarship seriously, when you enter into rooms, you enter, you enter every room with the understanding that you are a student. So you determine before you enter the room that you are willing to know, you determine what you are willing to know even before you enter the room and you determine how far you are willing to go to learn what you need to know. 
Speaker 1 (00:52:31):
Enter every room with the understanding that you are a student. Therefore, as you're entering, determine for yourself what you are willing to learn and whom you are willing to, willing to learn from perhaps. And then learn. Determine how far you are willing to go in your learning as you step into rooms. In a nutshell, everyone who mentally has the right mental attitude or you know, uh, in, in the, in their mental capacity, in the dimension of their mental capacity. If, if, if, if they understand the place of rooms from properly. In a nutshell, they consciously set parameters and envisage the scope of work before they step into rooms. What that means if I were talking to my teenage son is that they decide before they decide what they will do. When they get into a room, they decide before they have the needs to decide. 
Speaker 1 (00:53:29):
The second dimension of tapping into the power of a room is your attitude, attitude, attitude. The dimension of your attitude. Why they unconsciously negligent. We enter a room in a comma, in a comma states, which means they won't read the room, they won't adjust to the temperature of the room. They won't make room as is required. The one who knows the power of room steps into a room with an attitude that is expectational. I'll say that one more time. The unconscious steps into a room in thematic or comal state, they enter the room, they have zero understanding of what the room is about. They can't read the room, they're not aware of the temperature of the room, absolutely nothing. 
Speaker 1 (00:54:29):
Attitude is the reason why many people got thrown out of rooms. Attitude is the reason why some of us have been in the same room for 30 years and nothing has shifted in the needle concerning us attitude. Dr. Mike Mudock says that there is seven attitudes, or he called them seven kinds of people who we always fail. And I want to highlight those kinds of people in talking about attitude. To tap into the power of a room this morning, the first set of people are the unpersuaded people. This one, it doesn't matter. They, they thrive in being in dissension. That's their thing they thrive in. They're unpersuaded. They are never convicted about anything. When Moses wanted them in the book of numbers to go and spy the land, he sent 12 spas. When they came back, only Caleb and Joshua were persuaded by the word of God that they're able to take the land. Everybody has said, we can't take this land. As a matter of fact, we'll have nothing to do with this, this land. In fact, those who said that, we can take the land, let's turn them to death. 
Speaker 1 (00:55:55):
There were 12 men, but 10 of them were unpersuaded. And if today I ask you to name those 10 men, I'm sure you don't remember their names because history quickly forgets the one who got into a room and did not adjust to ensure that the room produced what it produced for them. The two that adjusted one went on to be the defacto leader of Israel after Moses and the other one was still taking mountains at 85. They're unpersuaded while looking at the attitudes with which to tap into the power of a, of, of a room. Number two, the undecided, the undecided. In James chapter one, verse number eight, it says, A double-minded man is unstable in all of his ways. Have you ever tried to order food off a menu with someone who is undecided? Have you ever tried? I have. I've been, I've gone to restaurants with people. 
Speaker 1 (00:56:56):
I will sit at table and the job, the simple task is order a meal for yourself. It's not order a meal for the person who is yet to come. It is order a meal for yourself. They start with, let me have las and they change their mind as the waiter is about to leave. They say, come back. Let me look at that, um, seafood platter again, it's okay, I'll have the seafood as the guy's about to, we say, oh, it's been a long time. I eat here, I'm an egg. Come back please. The wait keeps canceling as keep, keeps canceling their order. Undecided people are the most, I won't say it. 
Speaker 1 (00:57:42):
Some of us walk into rooms and we act like that. Like we're at a restaurant where we're spending money, we're undecided about any and everything. The third group of people are the unfocused, the entire room, but they can't see in every room. There is a point of focus in case you don't know no. Now, if you enter a room for the first time, say you join a a company for the first time, you just took up a position in a company and you get there and they say, oh, let's say you're under the system. If you don't know how to read rooms, you may get there and begin to align with the one that is the weakest link in the chain. If you can read rooms well, you'll be able to technically who the arrowhead or figurehead is. 
Speaker 1 (00:58:47):
You can tell. It reminds me of an account that, um, Dr. John C. Maxwell, um, gave in one of his books. I I don't remember which one now, where I was talking about how he took a job as a pastor and he got into this place and he decided that, that they were going to expand the church building just so that they can make room for more people to come. But what he didn't realize was that there was a guy in the congregation, he wasn't even a board member. His name was Eric. I remember his name, who everyone would defer to. So when he wanted to mute the idea of what he wanted to do, he didn't carry Eric along. He got there, he spoke all the English language that he could speak, and all Eric had to say was, no, I don't see it. And everybody agreed with Eric that they couldn't see it. 
Speaker 1 (00:59:43):
He said Eric had that thing down for a while until one day he realized that for him to get the people, to allow him to do what he wants to do and to get behind it and put their resources behind it, he had to get Eric to be on his side. So from that point on, for the number of years he was pastor in that congregation, whatever he needed to achieve, he will take Eric out to lunch. He will run it by Eric. The moment Eric says yes, everybody else will say yes. When you are unfocused and you enter a room, you'll likely to miss where the power is in that room. 
Speaker 1 (01:00:26):
In every room there is a focal point or there is a fo point of focus. If you miss it, he will miss everything else in that room. In Philippians chapter three, verse 13 to 14, Paul was focused on the prize. He said, I do not run as one who beats the air. His her eye was single as the Bible would say. The fourth group, group of people or attitude that you want to pay attention to that can break the power of the room or deny you the power of the room is the unteachable group. A group of people who are not teachable, deter Demy. Chapter nine, verse number six. Describe the people of Israel as teeth naked in the line of my work, the identification for this kind of people is the word BUT bot. But they came because they don't have the answer. They sit with you and they tell you that they need answers. 
Speaker 1 (01:01:29):
Every solution we profile, they'll say something like, yes, I thought about it. But so by the time you do two hours, you are depleted, you are tired. They came for counseling, but they really didn't want to cancel to be canceled because they're unteachable. No matter what you say, they have a reason why that may not work for them. The unteachable group of people, the fifth group of people are the unthankful people who cannot say thank you for what has been done before. If you're not grateful for the small room, the ante room, nobody's going to invite you to the living room and definitely no one is inviting you into the bedroom. Unthankful people, those who are into rooms with the attitude of superiority or entitlement, they act like this room belongs to me after I made a first class. Who told you that? First class is how you get into the room. If you take a look at society now the qualifications for getting into rooms are rapidly changing. 
Speaker 1 (01:02:42):
There was a day that what will get into a room and cost you to excel is the degree that you have. That's not the day we're in. So if you go into a room with a chip in your to on your shoulder because you made first class, you're your first class can be rubbish by people who made ordinary paths. You must learn to read rooms. Like when people come into rooms with attitudes of superiority or entitlement, they see no need for acknowledging that they, that they have need, that they have received an opportunity in the room they have entered. They usually think that the room was prepared for them because I may think about it, they made a first class. The room is not an opportunity because you are, you are the best thing in the room. The room is an opportunity because it can potentially change you. I'm going to say that slowly, and this is a point you want to pay attention to. The room is not an opportunity because you are the best thing that happened to the room. The room is an opportunity because it can potentially change you. That's why a room is an opportunity. So when you get into a room your credentials and not the things you taught, you don't go about hopping and shouting and telling everybody, do you know who I am? Nobody freaking cares. 
Speaker 1 (01:04:13):
The room is an opportunity because it can potentially change you, which is why your the, the dimension of the attitude is extremely powerful. Do you see how much time I'm spending on it? The next group of people are the non non reachers. The people who get into rooms and they're not open or reaching for anything. Does this mean that you get into a room and you hustle? No, but when you are teachable, you are open. I can so easily fall into the group of non-res 'cause I can enter a room. I'm not unthankful, I'm not unteachable, I'm not unfocused. I just sometimes don't have the zeal to push in a room. I don't have the zeal sometimes to begin a conversation with a stranger in a room. It takes too much out of me. But as I'm maturing, I'm finding out that yes, when I get into a room, I may not have to relate with everyone, but if I read the room rights, I'll always find myself to the table that matters. 
Speaker 1 (01:05:39):
The unre, the non richer is a person that enters the room and is not open, just enters the room now. Well, I got into the room before I lent the power of the room. I was that person. I have to consistently walk on being one of those people who reaches when I entire room. So I reach this, this I reach and I invite people to lunch. That's not me normally because as far as I'm concerned, everything that I need, I want God has a habit of bringing to me. But you see, if that's how you read rooms like I used to do, read rooms, there are many things that you would miss. 
Speaker 1 (01:06:31):
I missed a lot of opportunities simply because I was a non richer in rooms. So I understand rooms perfectly and I hope that you would understand rooms from these teachings. In James chapter four, verse number two says, you have not because you asked, not ask. Here is not about hustling, it is about posture. How do you posture yourself when you get into a room, just entering a room and sitting at the table and genuinely smiling at someone and saying hello to them can be the reason why another door, the door to the nest, to the inner chamber opens to you simply for that reason. But if you enter into a room and you are loof, that's how non-real present. 
Speaker 1 (01:07:20):
Everybody can read your vibes and by your vibes, they don't want to deal with you. Another group of people, or the last group of people that Dr. Mi, Dr. Mike would say would ne would always fail at a disrespectful. They disrespectful. They find themselves in the room, they talk about everyone in the room. They yap about things they don't, they have no clue about that happened in the room. They take things that are supposed to remain in the room. They go to the marketplace and they talk about them Disrespectful of rooms. You don't need to know who is in the room for you to respect a room because the law is that you must honor. When we looked at honor and in my book, honor the Code of all things, I did say that honor is the key to access everything you would access If you, there's a level of honor that you can, that you would exhibit that will open doors and give you access to places that you otherwise would never have had access to. 
Speaker 1 (01:08:31):
Respect should be part of the journey, not something we give because people are deserving even if we have no clue who is in the room. Our attitude must be topnotch when we enter the room. The third dimension is the relational dimension of how to tap into the power of the room. There's something that my coach calls relational currency. When you get into rooms and you get into a room simply because someone has mentioned you in that room, my coach Anna McCoy has um, a fantastic and I mean fantastic posture when it comes to bringing me into a room anywhere. Coach Anna is in the world and the continent of Africa is mentioned, and they're talking about women who get things done. Coach Anna would ensure that she mentions me. She would either say to them, Google her, or she would weep out of, I have traveled with Coach Anna and I did not take a copy of my book or anything that I had ever produced, and when we walk into the room, she would just open her bag. She always goes with a backpack and she'll whip it out and she'll bring out a copy of my book and she'll walk to a table and she'll hand it to the, and she'll say, that's the author of that book. And that automatically brings me to the room and brings me to the table. I'm talking to you about relational power, relational currency in rooms. 
Speaker 1 (01:10:13):
Some of us got massive jobs because someone mentioned us. That was all it took. Somebody mentioned us, they said, will you write for them a, um, what's that thing called a reference? So yeah, and that's how people got jobs that changed their lives forever. Who you are, how you relate, and you who you might giving access into the room and how you relate with them matters a whole deal in making the best of the rooms you access. When I I don that, Anna will never get into a room where the continent of Africa is mentioned and they're talking about women who get stuff done and not mention me. I started to pay attention. So when she sends me a message and say, you want to connect with this person, I do it. I connect. If I tell you the very first time or second time that I went to the u it was the first time I went to the US coach Anna had meetings after meetings after meetings with leaders. 
Speaker 1 (01:11:27):
The very first meeting I attended, guess who was in the room? Tell Ma Wealth. That woman in, um, what's that? What's that? The, um, they used to do a conference, something about grace. Women of faith, not grace, women of faith. Tamer, well was a black, one of the oldest. She was the eldest old woman or she's the eldest old woman. In that, in um, uh, eldest woman in that group of women of faith, they used to do tours around America and even other nations. Women of faith, women of faith, women of faith. Coach Anna arranged for lunch and took me to go and meet Al Walls. That's how she does. She does flinks the door open and she says, get in there. I go in there not because I'm known, I enter those rooms because of the currency of her relationship with those people. 
Speaker 1 (01:12:21):
It was on the strength of her relationship that the last time I went, I was in the room with, um, her, I can't remember his name now, his wife. I can't begin to tell you on the strength of coach Anna's con, um, relationships. I have met Dr. Um, Dr. Tony Evans. It's amazing the doors she just opens. But do you know why Coach Anna always opens source for me, open source. When I get in those rooms, I'm very respectful, not just of the people I meet, but of her who brought me into the room. Relational currency is the cost of rooms. Who speaks to you, who speaks for you, and who speaks against you in a room? <laugh> goes a long way. I'll say that one more time. Relational currency is the cost of rules. Who speaks to you, who speaks for you and who speaks against you goes a long way. It goes a long way. It goes a long way. There are people that if they invite you once to come and speak, you become a household name in two seconds. Just the moment your photograph hits, there are, there are timeline. You become a superstar like that. I understand the people of the world understand it. That is why they hustle. I have no hustle bone, but what God has taught me is how to read roots, how to read rooms, and how to make the best of roots. Posture is the power a room. 
Speaker 1 (01:14:14):
I said that relationships is the cost of a room. Posture is the power of a room because relationships can open the door for you to enter into a room. The problem is relationship cannot help you with the right posture. And when I'm talking about posture, it's not about selling, it's about learning. So you know, it's very invasive and crass. When you get into a room and you begin to try to reel out your credentials before the person who brought you into, into the room tells you or says anything about you, it is bad tastes when you get into a room, no selling. When you get into rooms, the greatest poster is the poster of a student already to us that when you get into rooms, do not envy those you should learn from. I've seen this happen many times. I have someone in my life and, um, her big problem was she didn't understand why God would endow me with what is endowed me with and not endow her with it. 
Speaker 1 (01:15:39):
So even though she's around me and she claims she's learning from me, every chance she gets, she'll says to things like, oh, stabby is very, she's such a great teacher, but envy will not allow how to sit and learn and finish learning. Every three months, six months max, she is done something to truncate her learning process because she walked into a room and something tells her that because she thinks that, oh, she, at some point when we were starting this journey, she had more money than me. She knew more people and all of that and all of that. She can't allow where she is been rests. And so she consistently allowed where she is been to stand in the place in the way of where she should be headed. 
Speaker 1 (01:16:40):
It doesn't matter what, you know, never envy the people that you meet in the room. They have stuff to teach you. That's why you found yourself in that room to enter into a room. It always begins with an invitation. Someone always extends an invitation into a room. Now when you understand, if you remember the expression, a fly on the wall, you know, know, we say things like, if I could just be a fly in the wall on that wall right now, I, I'm dying to know what they're talking about in that room. That's the posture of someone who will make the best of a room, get into a room and be a teacher. I remember there was one time that Coach Anna had the opportunity to come to the U UN for Internationals Women's Day. She sent me a message and she said, get yourself to the us. 
Speaker 1 (01:17:43):
Now, I was already planning to go to the us so what she just made sure happened was she called my husband and she said, I want your wife in that room. So we had to move my trip, my dates around so that I would get into the US and she took me to New York and she introduced me to all kinds of people if I were someone who knew how to follow up a lot, I'm sure it would've yielded more than it yielded for me. There are people I see on social media now, you know, and I, I remember clearly that I was in a room with them because she opened that door. We beat the streets of New York together. We went to my heart, and we, it was beautiful to be in the room with, what does you call the who is who in different places? 
Speaker 1 (01:18:36):
But do you know what I did when I got into that room? You'll think I was the dumbest person on planet Earth. I let her tell me every move, and I followed every move up till she made sure that I came with certain kinds of outfits. Because every room has protocol. If you receive an invitation from someone into a room, and again, remember that a room is not necessarily a, a square, whatever with windows and doors. A room can be an invitation to a network. It can be an invitation into a relationship. It can be an an, it can be. Just think about it. When you receive an event, an invite into a a room, always ask the question, what is expected? Ask the one amongst the people who have invited you that you are most comfortable with. Or ask people who you know have been in those rooms before. Ask them what is expected of me in this room? Because sometimes God would orchestrate our man, our, um, presence in rooms that we have no idea what the room is even meant to groom us For. You may be entering a room thinking that I'm going for something only to come out. And five years later, you now realize that, oh my God, this is why I came into this room. 
Speaker 1 (01:20:16):
So you must come understanding that you don't quite know everything that you don't know yet. You may not know what a room we groom you for. So your posture is important. I've talked about respecting rooms. An entitlement mentality will lock you out of roots. So get into a room and begin to act like you are. The best thing that happened to that room is recipe for disaster. It's recipe for disaster. It's recipe for disaster. When you find access to a room, a person, a relationship, a network, do me a favor, value it, and maintain the bridge. There's something we do that we should stop doing. If Aday introduced me to Titi before I would do anything heavy with the rules of the game and the rules of the room 
Speaker 1 (01:21:27):
Dictate that I mention it to Titi first. Oh, um, myself. And already we met up the last time and we're thinking of doing this. I just wanted to let you know in case, you know, I'm not sure if she mentioned it to you already, may not mention it to Titi because already is not in. That's triangle beholding to Titi. You are, because there is a link. I don't know if you get what I'm saying. So the one that brings you in always, always needs to know what you are doing with the one that you have now met. But what do we do? Someone introduces us, already introduces me to Titi a few weeks down the line, or a few months, or a few years down, years down the line, I collude with Titi against all our day. We do it a lot. It is abuse of rooms. And we need to stop. You need to recognize that at the level at which we're talking. When you make it into rooms, the people you meet in rooms are leaders. So you must understand leadership department. How you present in room is very important. 
Speaker 1 (01:22:39):
When you get into a room, you'll have one into a room, you'll have a responsibility. One responsibility. Read the room. Read the room. Well, don't cut. Shut your access in rooms by your conduct. Sometimes people invite us into rooms. They're playful people because the setting in which they met, they met us, was an informal setting, and they came into those settings to let their head down. So they were playful. They rolled on the carpets with you and all of that. But if they now invite you into a business meeting, and you get into that business meeting and you begin to form rolling on the floor, and you begin to act like that, that can lock you out of a room. 
Speaker 1 (01:23:28):
Part of what we must recognize when we get into rooms is that when you, when you read a room, like right, you'll be able to, um, discern opportunities in the room. The greatest opportunity, please that person. Mute yourself, please. The greatest opportunity in a room for you is the opportunity that you respect is the opportunity that the one who invited you into the room makes room for you to embrace. When something shows up in the rooms that Ana is ever taken me into, I always go back to say to her coach, they sent me this email. They asked me to do this. I want to do that. What do you think? Even two weeks ago, I had a conversation with her. I, I had to call her because Mama Linda is coming for Ruach, so she's not coming. So I called her up and I said, oh, just to let you know that Mama Linda is coming, um, for Ruach. 
Speaker 1 (01:24:28):
I'm going to try and process this on arrival for her. She's coming for Ruach. Why do I do that? And then I asked her, I said, when do you want to come home? And she says, oh, I'm not ready yet. And that's fine. Why do I do that? If she had said she wanted to come, I'll combine with her to buy a ticket. Now, I have known coach since 2010. I've known Mama Linda since 2012. Yes, but here's the thing. I've fought a relationship with Mama Linda, uh, outside of Coach. But every time I still have to do something with coach, uh, with Mama Linda, I let coach know that this is happening. What is that? It's just regard and respect for our bridge. She was a breach to Mama Linda. Mama Linda is become bridge to many other relationships for me, that I do not skip them. To get into things with those other people without recourse. To them, it's extremely important. Give consideration for the fact that you didn't know everyth. You don't know everything that you need to know. So when you enter rooms, even when opportunities are there, you can see them. Do not cross over your bridge. Not good. Be open when you get into rooms. I've talked about that before. And please lemme say this, never pick sides when you get into rooms. 
Speaker 1 (01:25:56):
If you have the opportunity into, into a room, never, never, never. Pick sides in a never pick sides in a room. I want to say it one more time. Never pick sides in a room. Should I say it again? Never pick sides in a room. People pick sight in a room that's for immature people's. Immature people that pick sight in a room. Never pick sight in a room and then show up passionate. You can't enter a room like I used to do. And just be blank. People will read it like you don't want to be there. And because of that, they won't extend themselves to you. You show up in a room, show up, passionate. And then that expression that I have said before, there are certain rooms you enter, and all you should do is be a fly. There are rooms I enter as talkative when I have something to say as I can be. There are rooms I enter and beyond. Hello? Hello. Yes. No, thank you. I don't say a word. 
Speaker 1 (01:27:16):
Those are the rooms where I enter. And I recognize quickly that it's a room filled with heavyweights. And so what I should do is keep quiet and learn. One of the things that happened to me, um, my last trip to the us. I can't wait to make another trip. Honestly, my last trip to the US was that trip where myself and Melinda, it was a trip where I met so many heavyweights, but I remember this particular one. We went to dinner. We went to like three different dinner with different, three different sets of people at each table. I recognize these people for who they are. There were people I've seen on the pages of social media and newspapers and stuff like that before. I've seen their books on Amazon. I know these people by reputation at each table. I'm always the last person. I was always the last person to speak. And I only spoke when everybody has spoken. And then someone would turn to me and say, finally, share with us. And that person's usually my coach would be like, share with us what you do. Be me. If not, I am just glad to be there. I will soak it in. I will let many a lesson and I can live without saying a word. 
Speaker 1 (01:28:42):
Be a fly on the wall. Your first entrance into rooms. You ought not to have opinions much. You ought to be flies on the wall. Remember what I talked about? Poster rooms make you, they're not just your opportunities. They make you, they're not an opportunity for a hustle. Rooms make you so therefore to do well. To excel in rooms, you must self-lead properly. What's your self-leadership like? Discipline, self-control, humility, accountability are all things that are required to excel in the rooms that God will bring us to. Rooms are the testing ground for checks and balances. They're the testing grounds for checks and balances. If you get in a room and your exercises haven't been copped, it will show up really fast. And when you enter a room, be very sensitive to the tone of the room because the tone of the room can determine, should determine what you do. You can't get into a room and not read the room properly. And because you don't ruin the room properly, it is a somber room. And you become the person that is playing the go, go, go, go. And they're just people. Now look around them and look at you and think you gar guus, decorum. 
Speaker 1 (01:30:26):
The tone of the room matters. Do not be the problem in the room. <laugh>. You see, um, when we come in into rooms, a lot of people in, in our class those days, we didn't like the teacher's pet. Yes, but it didn't matter which one of us didn't like the teacher's pet. The teacher liked the teacher's pet. What that meant was the teacher was an at the, the the pet was at an advantage. Do not get into rooms and be, become the rebel. Rou, rouser. Everything is no, do not get into a room and become the problem in the room. 
Speaker 1 (01:31:08):
When you get into rooms, there are people that will be leading. You learn to follow them. And ultimately there will be people who follow you. You learn to lead them. Play it role. Well. Don't say to yourself, oh, I only lead simply because you are an MD of a company that only employs 10 people. Does not put you pay attention to me on the same Podesta with the company that for, with the md who hires 1000 people. No, you're not on the same pede at all. You don't get into the room. MDs, md, md md. Not be md. Let's declare the most effective learning you would do in a room. It's what I call subconscious learning. Subconscious learning. Learning where no one is flipping charts for you to take a look at. There are no flash flow charts. There are no PowerPoint slides. There are no blackboards. 
Speaker 1 (01:32:16):
There was a year of my life. I, I talk about, I've talked about it before, that I spent following a particular leader to Ted Show market twice a week. In that season of my life, that was all I did. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, she'll pick me up from my house and I'll follow her to Ted show. I'll help her distribute her tissue paper on one day. And then the other day we'll go and do collections of funds. I did that for one year. But the things I learned in that, and on those trips, that was, there's no Harvard that could have taught me those things. 
Speaker 1 (01:33:04):
Subconscious learning. The learning that just happens because you are in the environment. That's the the best kind of learning you will find in rooms. They're also intentional learnings. My coach is an intentional teacher or tutor. So every single thing I learned from her is a teaching moment. She'll take her time and she'll teach it to me. I'm not as intentional a tutor as my teacher. So I'm one that if you're in rooms with me or people like me, your learning will come subconsciously. You have to walk my watch, my moves. You have to watch how I relate with people. You have to listen to what I say and more importantly, listen to what I don't say. You have to watch my body language to learn from me in a room. Because unless I have this kind of former things set up, I'm usually not someone who is very expressive. 
Speaker 1 (01:34:16):
To understand social dynamics, you must pay attention to the rooms that you enter into. Remember again, your room. The, the entire equation of your room is relationships. People, if you don't give them the vibe that they're important, when you get into a room, they may never put the power and power. They are power and prowess at your disposal. Does this mean that you begin to lick boots? No. It just means that you treat people with respect, dignity, and what's the call to action? If you understand rooms, the call to action, if you understand rooms, is that you must refine your social formation. Some of us cannot be invited into certain kinds of rooms because of our social formation right now, form as someone around us that scare invitations away, they will not invite you because that person is in their life. Social formations are critical in granting access to rooms. As you grow, you lend the distinction between your advocates and your adversaries. Some of us are in social formations that are predominantly made up of our adversaries. People who don't like us, but they pretend that they like us. Like that lady that was in my life in that season. She makes, when she knows that someone feel feed some, she's around, someone throw home. Feedback will filter to me. She says all the nice things that when she was with someone who she knows will never filter, uh, feedback to me. She just runs me down. 
Speaker 1 (01:36:14):
You need to refine and redefine your social formation. If you will. Take advantage of rooms. Lend the distinction between your advocates, the ones who are rooting for you and your adversaries. The one who just wants you to fill. The whole idea about teaching us about rooms today is to help us see how deliberate we ought to be with our lives. I'm a and I'm a very odd student of social media. I go on social media just to learn from lives. I just watch lives. I can pick a couple of lives and be learning them for a whole year. I never say anything to them. I don't follow them. I just periodically, at least twice a week, I click on their timeline to see what they've done. So far, I learn on social media a lot. 
Speaker 1 (01:37:12):
One thing I have found out about people who get to, you know, um, get where they need to go. One trait I see common to all of them is that they're very intentional. They're intentional in who they relate with. They're intentional in the post. They comment on on social media. They're intentional about who whose birthday is. And they will celebrate them with a big poster. They're very intentional. They're posturing and positioning themselves. I know that's not the best way to do it. The best way is to allow God download into your spirit the capacity to read rooms. And you will not need for hustle and posturing anymore. My brother, my sisters, the the reality is that the world is noisy, but dust to rooms are flinging open every day and dust to rooms are shut every day. 
Speaker 1 (01:38:19):
The difference between the one who gets promoted and the one who doesn't go get promoted first is in how they walk the rooms. Yes, some people are diabolical in the way they deal with rooms, but we carry the spirit of God. We're not supposed to be diabolical, but we must pay attention to the rooms that God will lead us to as the foundation of all of this is we, we recognize that the word of God says that the steps of the righteous, they're ordered by God. If God is the one ordering your steps, then you want to pay attention to every room that he brings you to. This is the length and breadth of rooms for me. I'll wait to hear your questions or your contributions. Maybe there'll be more that we can distill out of it. Thank you for listening. God bless you. 
Speaker 15 (01:39:19):
Um, well, 
Speaker 1 (01:39:21):
Thank you. 
Speaker 15 (01:39:23):
Thank you very much, ma. Um, please, I'd like you to talk a bit more on the o, not talk a bit more, but you know, the undecided just you were trying to say something about, you know, if undecided is, but you didn't like finish 
Speaker 1 (01:39:40):
It. Nothing that I did not, not going to see it. <laugh> said it. 
Speaker 15 (01:39:46):
Oh, really? Mm. Okay. 
Speaker 1 (01:39:50):
'cause it wasn't nice. Not going to see it. 
Speaker 15 (01:39:54):
Uh, alright then the last one, I didn't quite get it. The one after the non reachable. 
Speaker 1 (01:40:05):
What was it? Yes, I'm here. I can hear you. 
Speaker 15 (01:40:08):
Yes. I didn't go, I didn't get that. The very last point. I didn't get it. I dunno why, 
Speaker 1 (01:40:14):
Who remembers that one? 
Speaker 2 (01:40:16):
The dis disrespectful. 
Speaker 15 (01:40:20):
The what? 
Speaker 1 (01:40:21):
Disrespect. Disrespectful 
Speaker 15 (01:40:23):
Disrespect. Alright, thank you. Alright, thank you. 
Speaker 1 (01:40:30):
Okay, welcome. Questions 
Speaker 2 (01:40:33):
Since I just have a comment. I don't, it's not a question. Okay. I going through this, I mean, I, I, I remember very recently thinking about a specific relationship that I feel that I may not really have owned. She's an older Christian lady who's very, very highly respected. But I think I'm somewhat in awe of her. When she reaches out to me, I start to almost myself. It's my zip down <laugh> <laugh>. Um, and I always, because I see, I actually see people make the effort. 
Speaker 1 (01:41:10):
Effort, yeah. 
Speaker 2 (01:41:12):
But honestly, and I, I'm, I'm thrown into circles a lot with her because we belong to a leadership circle. I find myself shying away from, and I've seen her make the effort to invite me and my husband to things. You know, I don't know how to respond. I don't, you know, and a bit overwhelmed. Um, at the same time, you, I just, you know, you know this impostor syndrome. I don't know how to explain it. 
Speaker 1 (01:41:38):
Okay. So, 
Speaker 2 (01:41:39):
You know, you know, I don't know. It just, it makes me a bit, a bit uncomfortable. But recently she sent me an invitation and I made the effort. Normally I just have said thank you so much. This time around, I wrote, I said, I'm so excited. Thank you so much. I'll be there. I'll make sure I set a reminder because I, I really have felt like been dropping in my spirits already. You haven't been even 
Speaker 1 (01:42:06):
Intentional enough. 
Speaker 2 (01:42:08):
Not just intentional, even <inaudible>, almost as though you have 
Speaker 1 (01:42:11):
Disregarding it. Disrespectful. 
Speaker 2 (01:42:12):
Not in my mind. So this has really brought it up for me. I think some of it was, I was a bit overwhelmed maybe thinking what she's saying. I don't know. I, so I'm, I'm just grateful for this. Mm-Hmm. And is speaking to the continuation of wisdom. 
Speaker 1 (01:42:31):
Yes. 
Speaker 2 (01:42:32):
Yes. So thank you. You 
Speaker 1 (01:42:35):
You're welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Questions? Yes. Um, 
Speaker 16 (01:42:41):
I have a question. 
Speaker 1 (01:42:44):
Okay. Just gimme me please. 
Speaker 16 (01:42:46):
Okay. Um, and then 
Speaker 1 (01:42:46):
Somebody who's such has a hand or, or come to her, but yes, gimme me your question. 
Speaker 16 (01:42:51):
Okay. Talking about, um, harnessing the power of a room, going into a room and, um, just not sliding in quietly. You know, we had mentioned that you used to be someone like that. Are you able to I think I'm someone like that. Um, 
Speaker 1 (01:43:09):
We're born on the same day. Now. We have to, we have to <laugh> 
Speaker 16 (01:43:13):
Understandable now. So I actually need help to, you know, come out that, that shell Okay. And able to connect with people. 
Speaker 1 (01:43:22):
Okay. So, um, lemme tell you who or how I got helped. My sister, Audrey was my help. Audrey is someone I call a connector. Audrey is an excellent bridge. So Audrey was the person she knew. I, I can, I can just tell you for free that she knew. I'm sure she looked at me and said, where did we see this? Very brilliant person, but very timid, because that's the way I describe myself. When you come close to me, you see there's brilliance under daddy's food, but extremely timid. So Audrey devised something. I didn't wanna ask her for help, but now that we're talking about it, I'm thinking that if I were this bold today, I probably should have asked for help earlier. Do you get it? But I didn't ask her for help, but she just read me. So Audrey will say to me, we're going to win this meeting. 
Speaker 1 (01:44:13):
I don't go for those kinds of things. It's not me. So Audrey would, so that I won't come. She knows that I hate to waste people's resources. So she'll pay for me the moment she pays for me. I have to clear my schedule to show up. Do you understand it? And then she'll now send me a message before we sleep, or the day before the event, she'll be like, stabby, we have to get there on time. Make sure we get there on time, and we'll be there for like 10:00 AM So please just get there on time. So I'll say, okay, because again, she paid for me. She went through the stress and I'm, I'm very careful like that. On the day of the thing, nine 30 is my mind to get there. She said, we should get there at at 10. I want to get there early enough at 9 35. 
Speaker 1 (01:45:04):
I'm nearing the place. And I'll send the message to say, sis, um, are you close? I'm almost there. She'll not say something like, oh, actually I'm running little, but when you get there, please make sure you get me a seat on the second row. There's somebody I want to meet. Make sure you are seated on the second row and you keep a seat for me. I don't die finish. I don't do second rows. I do last row. In fact, if you can put a seat outside the door, that's where I will stay. So, but because I don't wanna remember Audrey paid for me, benefit of hindsight, I realized that she was just drawing me out. So I will get there and I will make my way to the front, and I would take the two seats to the edge of the second row. I would put something there, and I would sit on the third row waiting because I'm watching the seats. When someone wants to sit down, say, ah, somebody seated down, because I'm waiting for Audrey. I, I can't prove it, but I think that Audrey will be in that vicinity, and she will pretend that she's not there yet. Because five minutes or 10 minutes after I sit down, Audrey will s into the room smiling, hugging everybody from the door who hugs everybody from the door. 
Speaker 1 (01:46:21):
You, you, you know, right? Already, who hugs everybody from the door. It'll take her like 15 minutes to get from the door to me. Eventually she gets to me. I'm sitting on seat two. She said, I said, we should do. I said, Sarah, sit for here. Then she walks right past those seats. She goes to the front, the first row, and she sits down. She says, stop. See your seat. Come. But she did it to me so many times that most of the people who know me today, before I started to do command day young morning, knew me by, by that. Audrey was the one that one day woke up and decided that one Christmas she would take a subscription of a fe for 50 women. And then she made me, you were one of them, Abby. She made me send with my card. 
Speaker 1 (01:47:21):
And then some of them read it, and then they reach out to me and they were like, oh, this is fantastic. Da da. My point is, that was where when I was talking, I talked about a bridge. Most of us need bridges to do this because already that imposter syndrome up to today, I feel it. I'll organize a conference by myself, have spent the money, done everything. I will show up in the room. I'll be looking for the who is in charge. I'm in charge. It happens to me. But Kenny. So in fact, I did a whole blog around that when I was doing four kinds of people. I talked a lot about Audrey. I said, she's a connector. She's the bridge. She would just send you to this and send you to that and send you to that. Not everywhere she sent me to walked out. 
Speaker 1 (01:48:09):
But some of the relationships I have today that have morphed and meta pho into other things, where on account of Audrey Putin, her own relational currency at my disposal. So if you need help, ask for it. You, you must have that one person that just likes you. Not because you do the kind of things they do, but they just like you. So they're the ones that you will now, because now we're intentionally growing Kemi. So you're not going to wait for it to be done to me as it was done for you, for you. Because most of them may not be as intentional as Audrey was. But you can now say, okay, let me, uh, I need your help. This is something that, you know, I just struggle with. I need your help. And after tomorrow, there are things that amongst my sisters, I, I call up before even <inaudible> there. 
Speaker 1 (01:49:03):
So Ian was the one that needed help. She will send the message to the group. She say, my sisters, I don't understand how to do this one. And so Audrey was still the first person before I saw it. Audrey had called her and said, don't worry, I'm calling you right away. They'll tell you how to do it. So there are people like that, and there are people like us, but you see people like us always get the bone. So people like us cannot become people like them. But we have to move 50% to the middle of the room. And in getting into rooms, we must learn to do that. We must learn to do that. I hope that helps you. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Okay. Good. Good morning, ma'am. Good morning, ma. Yes. Good morning, 
Speaker 15 (01:49:47):
Everybody. Um, first of all, I want to thank God for the hand of fellowship you extended to me. I want to thank, I'm seeing clearly the reason why God actually pointed me to you and connected you to me. Um, the teaching this morning, you have actually described me in different ways, entering a room and, you know, just sitting with us. For instance, this particular room we are in today. I've never said any comment. So I'm guilty of that. I've never greeted anybody. I've never tried to reach out to anybody in this group. I've just been quietly monitoring and trying to understand. Mm-Hmm. <affirmative>. But then I have also also had a, a, a, a kind of coach, you know, someone ahead of me that tries to pull me and pull me. But the more she pulls, the more I also think that, uh, she's pulling too much, pulling me to a standard that is much higher than where I should be. So, I, I, I will appreciate if you really, um, throw more light on breaching the gap between or differentiate when you are being humble and when you are being teammate or shying away from, you know, okay, around that thought. 
Speaker 1 (01:51:12):
Okay, so, okay. So when people like my coach pulled me, they pulled me because they can see potential. I remember in 2012, January, we were in South Africa and coach was doing this. 60 minutes. There's this exercise my coach does. She calls it 60 Minutes to Destiny. What that means is you are put on the spot in 60, 60 seconds, actually not 60 minutes. You are put on the, on the spot for 60 seconds. And you're supposed to profess certain kinds of solution for certain kinds of things. So the day decided to put me on the spot, she just pushed a telephone in my face, hit record and said, without thinking, sing a song, an original song, composite, sing it right away. Ha 
Speaker 15 (01:52:01):
Ha 
Speaker 1 (01:52:01):
Ha I was died. I was like, what does that even mean? And there were people in the room, and she had me on the spot, and I kept pushing her underwear. And she kept saying, no, you will do it. And that's my coach. She won't move. And she, she is mastered the patience of drawing things out of you. She's not moving. She had it on. She said, vitamin, try, try. Oh no, you've got it. You can do it. Just open your mouth, you'll feel it. Just open your mouth. 10 minutes. I was there. They were cajoling me to do 60 seconds. 
Speaker 15 (01:52:33):
Mm-Hmm, 
Speaker 1 (01:52:33):
<affirmative>. So ultimately 60 seconds was, get off my back. I will not lie to you. I think Audrey Tea has that particular song in her Dropbox. Audrey again, Abby, it, it's Matter, that song, by the time I hit maybe the 20th second, I had me crying. I had people in the room crying. Mm-Hmm. That exercise taught me that when people truly see us, that other, no, let me take it in another way. Other people see us better than we can see ourselves. And if they're invested in us, they will push us into our arenas that we did not think we could do. Mm-Hmm. <affirmative> my coach, who's pushed me and pushed me, I now have 12 books or 13 books. To my credit, she has two published. 
Speaker 1 (01:53:39):
But after tomorrow, she would push me when I said to her, oh, coach, I'm doing with done well. And I sent her a few things. She, the next thing, she sent me a link. She said, oh, then you need to join my CR group. When you join my CR group, you can find content from there, you know, to add to what you're doing, to I increase the value of what you're doing. Then I get on another call with her and she says, oh, have you looked at it? Do this, do that, do that. Ultimately, I, I, by the time I saw the value in Sierra Group, I decided to pay her. She opened the door for me for free. I decided to pay her. And then I said to myself, you know what, because it's the first, um, stream of wisdom Wealth Leader school, I'm doing, what I'm actually going to do is I'm going to inco co-opt her. So there are certain beside the fireside charts that I said I was going to do with her, I'm not going to bring her into some conversations because I want to increase the value of what I'm offering, number one and number two, so that I can, she can earn from what she has given to me for free. 
Speaker 1 (01:54:45):
When you have people like you have described, ma'am, they only do this thing because they can see your potential. That's the reason why they do that. That's the reason why they do that. So there's nothing like they are over dragging me. I used to co with Audrey. What is it? I said, I'm not doing. She'd be like, no, you are doing it. Audrey remembers the date. I said I would, I would start to write a book early in the morning, she'll send me a message. Why would you even put that thing in your own reminder? I will said, it did not put it in my reminder. Are you witch? Say, uh, sister B? I know you say to me, but, uh, um, I'm just asking, have you done it? I'm like, SIS, I can't even do it now. She said, no, sis, you have to do it. 
Speaker 1 (01:55:33):
There are people like that. And when you have one or two, I in my life have, I have two. The third one is my husband. His own models of opera is different. But, but in my lifetime, I have three. I couldn't have asked for more. If you have that kind of person one in your life, you ought to be grateful. And just the same way, these people, there are things I want to, and coach will say, no, no time. Mm-hmm, no, no. She'll say to me, meet me. We need to have a session. By the time we finish the session, I can see the full area of what I'm trying to get into. 
Speaker 1 (01:56:11):
So we ought to be grateful for them and we ought to push ourselves. And just because they're, because the thing about them pushing us is they're there to prop us up and they're there to catch us. Should we make mistakes or should we fall? Let's take advantage of them rooms. Who has has a question or a, a welcome? Someone is asking, how do you do the deal with the frustrations of waiting? Why does the imposter syndrome happen to us, especially brilliant ones. I don't know. I think that sometimes it's what we heard growing up. I think because sometimes, you know, as children growing up, part of what used to happen is they used to say to me, are you the only person in the room? And if you hear that, yes, keep quiet. And if you hear that long enough, do people mean well though? 
Speaker 1 (01:57:11):
Some of them are just your peers that are ous of you. It begins to make you second guess yourself. And then I think some of us, uh, if I want to give you a spiritual answer, I think it is because we have to learn. We're so brilliant that if we don't let dependence of God, we can easily become tools for the devil. So I think that is why, um, somebody has, let me see if there's another question. How do you deal with the frustrations of consistent bully, non-acceptance in the room. Even when you exhibit the three dimensions, leave that room and go create your own room. That's something I, that's the one I know how to do. If I knock for any reason, I knock on the door of a room that I believe that I'm qualified to be inside, and you do me shoulder, I won't create that room and I will do it brilliantly. 
Speaker 1 (01:58:11):
So sometimes you are not granted access because they're already intimidated. You know, maybe next week if God will help me expand it, I'll come from that angle too. But they're already intimidated by your brilliance. So they don't want, even when they let you into the room, they're consistently pushing you away from the table. Sometimes what you need to do is demand your seat at the table, especially when you're a woman in a team of men. Have you ever been in a team of men? I haven't been because I always create my own path. But have you ever been in a team of men where all they say to you is go and, uh, supervise the catering for the events? It was from Audrey. I, I learned that we don't supervise catering. Audrey will say to them, what do you mean I should go, I should handle the catering. Do I look like a caterer? Oh no, I'm not handling the catering. If we wanna employ someone or hire someone to do the catering, will we have hire someone to do the catering? I didn't come to sit at this table to look after the food. 
Speaker 1 (01:59:19):
That girl has confidence for all 30 of us don't know how she got it. But I guess her father also helped her in growing up like that. But sometimes Kimmy, you either go away and create your own room or you actually demand for your spot at the table. What I find is when they clutter your seat at the table, it's because you have never said to them, that's my seat. Every time I have managed to whisper that, that's my seat. They take off their briefcases, they take away their bags, they take away their feet, and they make room for me to sit down. So you now have to discern, is this a situation where I need to create my own room? Or is this a situation where I need to ask for my seat at the table or demand my seat at the table? Questions, questions. 
Speaker 1 (02:00:18):
Society usually pressures us to own a room to sell yourself. As soon as you get into a room with the who is who to hustle. For some of us who are coming from a place of <inaudible> to trying to find our voice, how do we strike the balance chin? What I do is I make sure that when I get into a room, I'm, I'm not a hustler. I can't hustle. I can't push to own the room. It's not, it is not native to me. So I struggle to do that. I can't do it. Um, and when I try to do it, I don't give my best work. So the food I put forward is excellent. I enter the room and I do work, and I do the work well. I do the work so well that my work becomes my voice. So when they see my work, they have no choice but to give me the opportunity to not put my voice along with my, my, my, my, my, my work. That's how I have dealt with it over the years. I come, that's why every time if you see me put out something, I give it excellence to the top. If you put see me put out a conference, it doesn't matter how much I didn't have to spend, I give it my best in that season because that would always speak. Excellence, doing it. Well, we always speak and nobody can deny it when they say it. That's how I do children. Anybody else? 
Speaker 1 (02:01:48):
Anybody else? Questions, contributions. 
Speaker 17 (02:01:55):
Okay. Possibly. Is it only 
Speaker 1 (02:01:57):
These three? Yes. I, I, 
Speaker 17 (02:01:59):
Uh, okay. No, not a question. Possibly for me. Just, uh, I think to, to say thank you, um, for this today, initially when we started rooms, I was wondering how that that would pan out. But, um, like someone, I did an example of even this, this group itself. So I've always been just thinking, um, anyway, even school back venture and the rest of it, um, cannot really, I just take it as it goes. But the message there has been fundamental for me because I think the intentionality, the fact that every opportunity, you know, is a, is a learning moment, uh, um, so to speak. You know, you get into somewhere and see where you can, can get out of it. You said not, not all of us are hustlers. Um, I think what's always worked for me is in as much as I don't talk, I like to work in the background. 
Speaker 17 (02:02:50):
I give my best, um, as much as I can within that period. And that has somehow always spoken for me. But I've noticed that the more I grow, um, for example, even at, at work, um, you start to leave that, um, operational level as need to be mm-Hmm. <affirmative> more strategic, um, yeah, be more intentional, um, because that background work will not always, um, work in the way. Yes, that has always, you know, worked, worked for me. So my, my, my take, um, my takeouts today really is just in the intentionality and the fact that it's funny because now I just realize that almost every, every, um, opportunity or almost every meeting can be seen as a room, so to speak. So it's not just, I'm not just passing through that, that day or that meeting or that, you know, but seeing what I can be intentional about, um, in it and also what I can get out of it. 
Speaker 17 (02:03:45):
Secondly, was just, um, so <laugh> when you were talking about, uh, Audrey, I've also had, uh, some odd in my life, but I think I, I felt very hard to run away from, from them because I just felt it was a, a bit too much. So by, uh, the next one that come my life, I think I'll embrace it and see what I can get. But in addition to that, beyond maybe even waiting for Audrey, even paying, um, holistic guidance and also being a bit more intentional, so making myself uncomfortable and so to speak, such that, okay, I'm in a room. I try not to be so much in the background, but you know, even if it's in a conversation, you know, contributions and rest of it, bringing myself out bit, getting myself outta the comfort zone would also help. So thank you very much. 
Speaker 1 (02:04:31):
You're welcome. Inka, you have a question? 
Speaker 18 (02:04:38):
Yes, ma. Good morning, ma. Good morning everyone. 
Speaker 1 (02:04:41):
Good morning, 
Speaker 18 (02:04:42):
Ma. My question is, um, what have you started, um, by not even paying attention in rooms, always expressing yourself, but over time you've gotten into the place where, okay, you decided to learn to pay attention, but then it's so many times it is like you find yourself intentionally trying to kind of even reduce yourself or intentionally totally keep quiet. Or how do I, you've kept quiet for so long, you found yourself in a place where you feel more comfortable just, just remaining quiet. Even when the opportunity calls for you expressing yourself. How do you manage that? 
Speaker 1 (02:05:27):
I think that, um, I think that when you have something to say, you should say it. When you're trying to, um, begin to find your voice back, you find comfort con comfortable ways to say what you need to say. I always used my writing to say what I needed to say without having to use my voice for a long time. So my writing did the speaking for me, my writing after tomorrow, I think my writing still does the speaking for me the most. Except when I'm hiding behind the a device for commanding your morning, or I'm teaching most of the deep things that I, I say, I say by allowing my writing speak for me. Over time, you find that you now get, um, you get comfortable with being heard again. And when you get comfortable with being heard again, people begin to, you've now begin to find ways to say the things that you used, you need to say and say them. 
Speaker 1 (02:06:30):
Well, I think the big challenge is when we are really dis precautious children growing up when we don't have the right tutor in our lives. 'cause our parents were in that school in many things. The tendency is we said all the wrong things or we spoke out of tune or we spoke in rooms when we should have been quiet because there was no one measuring us and ordering us properly. But as we grow and we find out that, okay, I wasn't just speaking because I wanted to speak. I was speaking because I had something to say. What now needs to change is I need to learn how to say the things that I need to say properly. 
Speaker 1 (02:07:13):
I was talking and I was going to say something, and I caught myself when I finished the start looking back to the conversation and I said, no, I'm not going to say that thing because it's not nice. It's a function of over the years, I have now recognized that even though I have a command of words and I can use words, and it is my superpower, it's not every word that occurs to me that I should say. That's number one. And then depending on who my audience is and what I'm trying to achieve, there is also a, a formula or a template with which I will say the things that I need to say to these people. So it is just relearning. But your first step is to begin to say the things you need to say in the way that is most convenient for you in the season that you are trying to find your voice back in a mother of speaking. I hope that helps you. Is there anyone else? I see Chen's hand up again, but I want to someone else because she has spoken before. So I want someone else. It's only if there's no one else than out, take her. 
Speaker 1 (02:08:22):
Okay. Chen, is there someone, uh, uh, doesn't anybody else? Please go on. 
Speaker 15 (02:08:28):
Thank you, ma. Please. Uh, you've mentioned some ways actually that we can appreciate, um, the one that invites us into the room. Mm-Hmm. But I'll appreciate too, even you can give us more practical ways of doing it so that, uh, it does not look as if you are, they don't misunderstand it to or misread your intention. I I, I dunno if my intention is right. 
Speaker 1 (02:08:59):
Yes. I don't think that, um, um, because I've been on both sides of the divide. By the grace of God, I've been someone who's invited people into rooms, and I have been invited by the mercy of God into many rooms. I I don't think that when we sh show gratitude that they misconstrue them, you may even send, I've received gifts that I take a look at them. They're not, not, they're nothing given where I'm today. Do you understand it? Mm-Hmm. <affirmative>. But the method fact that this per person thought it out mm-Hmm, <affirmative> and decided to stretch themselves makes me appreciative. And so I'm that person that if you send me something that is worth 1000, I will call you to say thank you. If you send me something worth 10 million, I'll call you to take, say thank you. Those leaders at that level recognize that it is not the object, it's the thought. 
Speaker 1 (02:10:00):
That's number one. Number two, something else that I do to serve those who have been a blessing to me in those regards is I serve them with my gift. I serve them with my gift. I serve them with my gift. If I feel like sending them a physical gift may become something that they're wondering, why, what do I need this? I serve them in my gift. With my gift. I show up whenever they need me. I'm there for them. Because when you take a look at it, what can you give this person? However, I also don't want us to move away because we're women from that thing that every single one of us has something to give. So you can serve with your gift, you can, you know, show up for people, but once in a while, get them a gift, a regift, even if they don't use it, what it tells them is you think about them when they're not, they're pulling your hand. 
Speaker 1 (02:10:53):
And that is important because some of us have been shot out of rooms for that. We just kept taking and taking and taking and taking. And the reason why we're not giving and giving back is because we think to ourselves, oh, Charlie, they don't need what I have. Oh no, they can't have, you know, it doesn't matter until you get there, you realize, oh, one day they sit down and they think, I mean, just gratitude isn't too much. So I, I think that anything works if you put your, if you ask, put your heart to it, the Holy Spirit will show you what they would appreciate. That's the way it works. At least that's from my end. That's the way it works. Inka, is your hands still up? Thank you, ma. Yes ma'am. Inika, is your hands still up? 
Speaker 12 (02:11:40):
No, ma'am. 
Speaker 1 (02:11:42):
Okay. Is there anyone else who has a question? Okay. So can we quickly share a walkaway if we don't mind, please. A why are you quiet prophets? 
Speaker 12 (02:12:01):
I'm soaking it in. Ma 
Speaker 1 (02:12:03):
You're being a fly on the wall today. 
Speaker 12 (02:12:06):
<laugh>. 
Speaker 1 (02:12:11):
Okay. Walk away please. What did you learn today? 
Speaker 12 (02:12:18):
Okay, ma'am. I, I have something to say. I think I, I should actually publicly use this opportunity to say thank you to grandma. Grandma fell the mentoring, the book club brother. She actually, she was the one that, in fact, it, as far as everybody, because I was the, maybe I, I was the fly outside the gates. They've not even on the work. And, um, AYA called me because no grandma fella said I should be added to the group. So I was added to the group, but I was still not saying anything. And Aya called me and said, oh, you're not saying anything and da da da. And it was from there that I started to say something. So I'm really, really, really grateful for grandma and the entire book, club group for the month I'm making that I'm reading book is because they push me is like, thank you, mark. 
Speaker 1 (02:13:25):
Morning. 
Speaker 12 (02:13:26):
It's 
Speaker 1 (02:13:27):
Good morning. Okay. Um, uh, please could let already be done because she's, I think she started to speak first. 
Speaker 2 (02:13:34):
Okay. Sorry. Um, <inaudible>, just a quick one. I think that, um, well something new, um, for me today is, um, refining your social formation and to understand the difference between your advocates and your adversaries. I work in a, I work in an environment where, because I've been in development for so long and global health is really changing, coming into clinical health now you sort of see the global health group difference. And I realize now that there are a lot of factions that I don't think I could see when I was smack in the middle of 
Speaker 1 (02:14:15):
It. Middle of it. Mm-Hmm. So 
Speaker 2 (02:14:17):
Just is like, is almost, it's like going to university again. Um, mm-Hmm. I'm just getting, um, that's sort of new perspective. It just hit me as you spoke that um, you can have people who really could have been your advocates at one point, but now almost have 
Speaker 1 (02:14:43):
Yes. They're now on another side. Yes. 
Speaker 2 (02:14:47):
But you need 
Speaker 1 (02:14:47):
To refine and redefine your social formation. Yes. Extremely important. Yes. 
Speaker 2 (02:14:54):
That's a new thing. I have to work on that. 
Speaker 1 (02:14:57):
Alright, thank you. 
Speaker 19 (02:15:02):
Hello. Um, I think my takeaway is what you, um, that in everything, that God is actually in everything and we might not see it in my role here now in my estate. There's two individuals that God brought my way many, many years ago when they moved into the estate. And one of them was actually her husband who met me. So when I asked her to come along and serve in the esco, apparently he said that first meeting said a lot. So sometimes we don't actually realize that some rooms were open to us years ago, and it's years later that we get the full understanding of the room. So that is a big thing for me in the sense of relationships. Some people come your way, it might be five years later, 10 years, even my me meeting you is, is a bit like that. You know? So that's my big takeaway, that in every situation you don't, if you don't read it right, it might actually hinder further, hinder you further along the line. So, alright. In terms of relationships, that, that's big for me. Thank you. Thank 
Speaker 1 (02:16:21):
You. Who's next morning? Good morning. 
Speaker 20 (02:16:31):
Good morning. I think for me, the, there's been so many, in fact, I was typing so many lessons, so many things that have hit me between the eyes this morning. But, um, I'll just mention the one on honoring the person who grants you access. And, uh, I think one, it's something that just dropped into my mind is just how you know that it, it doesn't even have to be in a spiritual or religious or even work setting. No. You could just, Mm-Hmm. <affirmative>. It's a, it's a muscle that we need to exercise at every point. And, um, just as, by way of example, there's this class that I take with, with someone who has always been a friend and she was one who organized the, the class, she organized the teacher. Even though we both pay for, we both pay for the lessons. And, uh, sometimes when you get close to someone, then you start to see, um, some parts of the person that perhaps you wouldn't, you were, you were not seen from far. 
Speaker 20 (02:17:25):
And those kind of things can maybe start to play on or affect how we see the person and a little bit of, let's say disrespect or maybe dis quote unquote despise him just for want of a better time coming. Mm-Hmm. And then you find that, oh, the teacher starts to gravitate towards you, you, and, you know, start to make you feel like, oh, perhaps, you know, I'm complaining to you or maybe about the other person. And it just struck me as you were speaking that, you know, perhaps I haven't been as, I haven't honored this person. She's, it's not, you know, it's not a superior relationship with friends, but yeah, they should exercise at every point. So 
Speaker 1 (02:18:04):
This was something that I was going to say. And then in the many things, I didn't get to say it. You see, when you are asked into a room, the first thing is that the rooms level and the rooms reveal a lot of things. 
Speaker 1 (02:18:19):
Yeah. If you allow what you see in a room affects how you see the individuals in the room, it can mess things up. You know, I I, there, there, there's a kind of pressing that I am. And one of the things is I, I try to put my life together so cracks in people's lives get to me. But the first lesson I learned in entry rooms is that just because these people are strong in this regard in which they're strong and they have granted me access into the room does not mean that they are perfect. My job when I come into a room and I begin to see their cracks. Tina I really thank you for this 'cause I would've not, probably not said it, but you know, it's to recognize that when you see cracks, your job is cover, your job is not expose cracks because just the same way you are looking at them now and you're recognizing how one thing, one thing is in writing is the way they are also seeing you in a light different from how they used to see you before. So make room and make allowances for the things that we now show. I've had situations where people ask, gave us access to become people, decided to be mentors for other people, other people. And then just because you now go to their home often and you now see that, oh, their marriage is imperfect or their children have issues, it now becomes the talk of town from me, from you. So that is very critical. Chin, thank you for highlighting it. God bless you. Please go on. 
Speaker 20 (02:20:05):
Yeah, no, I, um, um, I think I was done. Thank you. It, it was just, um, it was just a lesson that, um, I learned that it's a muscle that we need to exercise even with relationships that are very casual and informal and, um, yeah. Thank you. 
Speaker 1 (02:20:27):
Next, walk away quickly, please. 
Speaker 8 (02:20:31):
Hello Ma? 
Speaker 1 (02:20:33):
Yes, ma Claire. 
Speaker 8 (02:20:35):
Okay. Um, thank you very much <inaudible>. Many of the things you have said, um, today, um, have me saying, oh, uh oh. So this is for me, this is it for me. And one of my take points is the fact that when I am being pushed or pulled, it's because, um, potential is recognized. 
Speaker 1 (02:21:00):
Yes. That's 
Speaker 8 (02:21:00):
The big take for me because, you know, I, I'm still, um, work in progress in allowing myself to shine like the light that I know that I am. I, I don't know what the problem is where, you know, you have potential, but then you are just, you don't allow you, you just, you are your own limitation. You know that you can do this thing, you know that you'll it, but you find yourself putting yourself in positions where you, it's not demanded of you. And when you were talking about Coach Anna and you actually pulling you, you know, because she sees potential, I, I bless God for, for, for the hearts for people like her because I'm sure for some other people you stop pulling because it's exacerbating. You are doing this thing for this people person sick. How can this person see that it's because of them? 
Speaker 8 (02:21:54):
You are pulling and you get that. And for me, this is me coming to the point where I am saying, Claire, you have potential. So if somebody is pushing you, no vaccine white person, you worry own up to what the person is seeing and know that it's for your own good person is doing. Um, also the seven, um, attitudes you mentioned, um, from, um, Dr. Ma, um, Mike mode, I, I real. I, I have noted some that I am not, I'm happy I'm not be, or the other path that want to take advantage of, but I think I'm sort of like, yes, a non reacher too. I come in and I'm just staying by the side, like, make a no talk now and now make the, maybe I-I-I-I-I, I downplay myself a lot, even when I know that I have something to say. I just feel it to be like a hand. So what do you want to come and say now? And all of that, you know? So, it's a good point. It's, it's good for thought for me to really go back and listen again and, 
Speaker 1 (02:22:58):
And be beyond thinking about it. And listening again is you have to intentionally find a breach like Kemi. You need to ask for help. That's what you need to do. Okay? 
Speaker 8 (02:23:10):
Yes. 
Speaker 1 (02:23:11):
Thank you. Alright, who else? Let's be first please. 
Speaker 21 (02:23:15):
Good morning, sister B. It's morning. Good morning. 
Speaker 1 (02:23:19):
Good morning. 
Speaker 21 (02:23:20):
Morning everybody. Oh, today has been wonderful. You know, that've I've really listened to and heard so many things. They're all great. There are two of them that really resonated with me. The first one is, when you enter a room, always ask what is expected of me? You know, in happened in my, like in my workplace where you come in with so much energy and you are working, you think, okay, this is how you just need to do it. This is how you need to do it. But really that's not, what's that for them? It's not their parity. So at the end of the day, when you finish, you're expecting people to be happy. And then when you hear something, you are really hurts. That after all the good work, after all the hard work, you know, you've put in it, is this how they see it? 
Speaker 21 (02:24:04):
So when you actually ask, you find out that they don't even that standard. They're not even expecting all that work. That's not what they want of you, you know? And then secondly about, um, when you find access to a room, value respects the bridge, the, something has happened to me. It's also, it was also with my boss. I got into this organization, you know, and then the boss, my boss, my direct boss was very difficult, extremely difficult. In fact, um, you know, when I was trying, I was trying to deal with it. I was dealing with it really. But the people in the office, you know, it was everybody. Just, nobody liked her. Nobody spoke well of her. For me, when people are, are like that, I'm very wary. So I don't talk, I won't say anything. I won't say good. I won't say bad, I'll just keep outta it. 
Speaker 21 (02:24:56):
What I usually do is I really pray for the woman. I just be, okay, maybe there's an issue she's going through somewhere, maybe at, at home. I usually take it to marriage or something. So every morning she comes out. Just once I cite her face, I pray for her, pray for peace. You know, she's just, she can't help herself. No, she just comes in. It's just her. She probably, you'll say you can even, and she won't answer. She'll look at you. She won't answer you and carry on with what she's doing, you know? And some people just can't take it. They begin to talk and I'm like, how do you manage? And she's my direct boss, so I'm supposed to speak to her and what I want to do, say, if you wanna go into a meeting or if want something, we need to talk, we need to have a meeting together before we can now go meet the C. 
Speaker 21 (02:25:36):
But she would, she was just, uh, is not easy. She was very worried, I must say. But I thought I could deal with it. I was dealing with it, but it wasn't easy. But you know what then happened, I found that every other person around me, they found, they said, oh, okay, the next person to the boss is me. And I'm so reachable. So everybody all, all well guarding around me, I had, I was very, I was free and we're all talking, they were very free with me, more like they were very free with me. And then by the time I noticed what was happening, it felt like, oh, everybody wanted to say, oh, okay, well, we have a better pressure now. So we're on her side with her. And, and I think on hindsight now, that really must have affected the, the lady, you know? 
Speaker 21 (02:26:19):
Mm-Hmm. <affirmative> how she later reacted to towards, because when I left the organization, I found out that she wasn't, I wasn't expecting that she would be so happy and about me or whatever, but you know, she, that thing affected her. She felt, oh, I pulled everybody to her to one side and she was alone. But I tried consciously not to, you know? But people, because they couldn't reach her, they were coming to me. Do you understand? So, but when you mentioned this, I now thought, oh, okay, I, I could have just, but how is it that I could have worded people off? I wasn't intentionally bringing people to me, not at all, you know, but how could I have worded people off and said, oh no, don't come to me, go to her. Or, you know, it's difficult 
Speaker 1 (02:26:59):
Sometimes it's just a simple redirect actually. It's just a simple redirect. If they bring it to you, you step up it up to her. Um, she would understand what you are trying to do. She would have understood what you're trying to do. Sometimes we just think, oh, this, you, if you ask them to go, they'll say, no, I'm comfortable with you. Then you take it to her. Because what it'll mean is that you are redirecting it to her because you know that that's the way it's supposed to be. Um, again, that's the point about rooms is just a bit of stepping back and being intentional about how we want to do. That's the way it works. Um, thank you Maureen, for sharing. Who's here? Who wants to say something? I see some people are putting their walkaways in these charts. I'm reading them. Thank you. I saw yours, Naomi, I saw start. Um, someone else. Yeah. Okay. So who else has something to say? Titi, you'd hear or you're working? 
Speaker 1 (02:28:01):
All righty. If anybody doesn't have any other thing to say, should we call it a day? Please do your best. Number one to fill the groups. Number two, um, do your best to, um, that's join the reading groups and read your books. Number two, do your best to re listen to this again, so that when we come next Saturday, we'll have a robust conversation. Uh, I think that this is a topic we really need to pay attention to because every single day you are, you are taking advantage of rooms or rooms are taking advantages of you every single day, every single day, every relationship, every conversation is a room. What you do with the room shows up in the bottom line of your life. So let's pay attention to all of that. And may God grant us grace to do it well, in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. All right, people. Amen. Thank you and have a great rest of your day. Bye-Bye all. Thank.
